---
id: 39
title: 'Cheating&#8230;'
date: 2006-01-12T22:19:00+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=39
permalink: /2006/01/cheating/
categories:
  - Advice
  - Jokes
  - Procrastinating Thoughts
---
Everyone's probably heard the sayings, "cheating gets you no where", "cheaters never win", "all your really doing is cheating yourself", which leads me to wonder, who came up with these?

In sport, cheating is often credited to taking away from the win, which is true, after all nothing can compare to a winning a hard fought game, but then again loosing a hard fought game isn't much fun neither, and I would much rather settle for the cheated win then the hard fought loss.

Same goes for school. When you spend days, nights and countless hours studying for a test, exam or working on an assignment, then get back that paper with 100% stamped on the front nothing feels better, you did it. Now, if you just agreed with me your missing out. After all, not studying, staying up late the night before procrastinating, walking into an exam and then getting complete and full darshan of someone else's paper, and still getting that 100% feels just as good if not better. On the flip side, failing a paper when you could have easily cheated, but then got blocked due to someone else not letting you copy, well for most that's enough to drive them into deep depression.

Now, over the years I've accumulated a vast knowledge of scams, excuses and ways to work the system. I've been blessed to have been around some of the most laziest individuals that you'll ever meet when it comes to school. I've known individuals who spent 75% of their high school lives skipping class and still graduating with 80 + averages, without ever pulling an all nighter, let alone ever opening the class text book. University graduates who, while the rest of us where busy cramming where asleep snug in their beds, and then ended up graduating a year ahead of the rest.

I'd love to share stories and publicly swap tips of the trade, but that would just make it harder for future generations to practice this craft. As far as cheating goes, lets face it, some people can get away with it, others can't. Personally I'm to lazy to cheat, where as others I know will spend more time planning the perfect scam then studying. If I'm to lazy to study, then you know I'm going to be lazy to devise a plan.

So now that I've totally appeased most of you looking for a quick fix, I will end this post with nothing more then anything else.

Hun Akhoo Satnaaam Sri Vaaaaaaaaaehegurooo Jeee.