---
id: 238
title: Draft 2006
date: 2006-06-29T06:49:46+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=238
permalink: /2006/06/draft-2006/
categories:
  - Basketball
---
Out of sheer laziness I refuse to write an indepth analysis instead here my key points:

  * Raps grab Bargnani at #1..Surprised? I already here the "we should have had Rudy Gay" echos in the background by a meaningless few. Lets face it, Bargnani was #1 since we got the pick. He was our #1 pick if we had the 8th pick. He was the guy the Raptors wanted.
  * Dissapointed with PJ Tucker. I don't question Colengelo, but I fell victem to the Denham Brown hype, what can I say. Every team needs a home town hero.
  * Is it just me or are the rap's setting up a weird team? Inside Men, who play outside, and outside guys who specialize on the inside.
  * Theres still months ahead of us. Hopefully this means we'll be getting a new PG, and getting rid of Mike Who?..
  * Also for those Rudy Gay supporters, what spot did this "super all star" get drafted at? Come on now, He aint all that, get of his...
  * Anyways thats how I broke it down. As for the Knicks, what more can you say. They are in the Humpty Dumpty position, where no one can seem to put them back together, and on top of that you got Mr. Thomas leading them as a head coach. I really think its time for KNick fans to start a revolution, storm the bench, back offices and do what you must to sort things out.

And all thats folks. Oh yea check out the previous draft thread: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=215. Now to return to my vacation.