---
id: 120
title: Marriage..
date: 2006-03-27T18:42:01+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=120
permalink: /2006/03/marriage/
categories:
  - Advice
  - Jokes
---
I've constantly been hearing about people these days having a hard time finding that special someone with whom they can spend the rest of their life with. Usually I just sit back and wonder why people are stressing so hard but then again I'm hopefully 4, 5 years from having to give the topic any serious thought, but still why the stress.

People crying about how its hard to find the right person because everyone has too high of standards or in some cases too low of standards that they just can't live up to.

Here’s a proposal, GO TO INDIA get married and drop it. Think about it, India has a population of 1 Billion+, so I’m sure that special someone is just waiting for you.

Now that I got everyone’s jaw on the ground let me clear some things up. Firstly I don’t see anything wrong with girls from India let alone guys from India. Sure most the ones you meet are pretty pervy (well Guys anyways), but still they cant all be like that, after all some of my friends and people I know are straight pindoo's (actually they were born and raised in Taksal, so they as Pindoo as Taksalis can get, but that’s besides the point), and I've never gotten a hint of perviness from them.

But still people don’t want to marry them because they want someone who has a real job, puhlleeze..to good for a truck driver, and you say its the guys who got high standards..

Honestly though marriage shouldn't be so complicated. Lets not over complicate things with the fairy tales, dreams and all that other crap we've been led to believe is needed for a successful and long standing marriage.

What one really needs is simple, someone that wont kill them, wont shit on them, and wont rob them, everything else is just extra.

Now before people take the above as a sign that I’m down to marry just about anyone or everyone hold your horses, for just a minute, because that’s not what I'm saying. I'm saying IF YOU are feeling desperate to get married dont complain about it, just settle for less, get a ticket to India and find someone who you know, even on their best day, couldn’t knock you out. (Girls I’m talking to you).

Personally I always get things with the extra's, cars computers, I'm all about the bells and whistles so before you figure you got me figured out and want to send a rista my way ask your self the following:

<ol type="1" start="1">
  <li class="MsoNormal">
    Can you cook? - I hate cooking, so I need someone who'll make sure I don’t starve myself.
  </li>
  <li class="MsoNormal">
    Can you clean? - Yes I'm messy, so we need to balance this out with you being organized and clean.
  </li>
  <li class="MsoNormal">
    Are you tall? - I don’t want short kids.
  </li>
  <li class="MsoNormal">
    Can you run? - I don’t want slow fat kids.
  </li>
  <li class="MsoNormal">
    Can you jump? - Yea I want a kid who can dunk before he’s in grade 9.
  </li>
</ol>

If you meet the criteria of the above, don’t hesitate to get in touch with my parents. Don’t bother getting in touch with me, since that will basically make me think your shook and scare me off.

Anyways I hope the above has helped any of you out there searching for that special someone.

Also please note, any hate mail you do decide to send me at least try at the very least to make it funny, and as far as the insults go, I'll blog the best ones and we can rank 'em, just keep them clean.

Until then, keep fit and have fun....