---
id: 290
title: Pop Quiz
date: 2006-09-17T13:16:22+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=290
permalink: /2006/09/pop-quiz/
categories:
  - Procrastinating Thoughts
---
Having some time and having gone through Trench's&nbsp; AKA Kimveer Gills blog a few times I figure'd I'd take some quizes that he had posted to see how I rated:

#### ****What Group Are You? Chav, Rocker, Skater, Emo, Goth, Trendy, Prepy Ect****

You scored as **Chav, Townie, Rude Boy, Ned, Kev**. Your a Chav! Chav is a slang term which has been in wide use throughout the United Kingdom since 2004. It refers to a subcultural stereotype of a person with fashions such as flashy "bling" jewellery and counterfeit designer clothes, an uneducated, impoverished background, a tendency to congregate around places such as fast-food outlets or other shopping areas, and a culture of antisocial behaviour.
  


#### **How Will You Die??**

Your death will be by disappearing, probably a camping trip gone wrong or an evening hike you never returned from. Always remeber that one guy who was hiking alone and got in a rock slide. He could have died, but he cut his own hand off to save himself. Don't end up like him (or worse, dead).

#### **What Highschool Clique Do You Belong To?**

You scored as **"Ghetto".** You are what you are! Just don't talk to me...

All right thats enough of that, if you feel like you want to do the quizes hit up <http://www.quizfarm.com>

....Bun it still bored here are some more...

#### **Which Horror Killer are You?**

You scored as **Jigsaw.** You are Jigsaw. You dont enjoy killing people at all. You instead love to see how far people will go to live. However if it ends in a bloody death, you still sleep with a smile on your face. You are intelligent, and know how to outwit just about anyone. And that spells bad news for anyone who falls into your games of death and torture.