---
id: 184
title: Playoff Round 2
date: 2006-05-08T10:53:43+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=184
permalink: /2006/05/184/
categories:
  - Basketball
---
Its a day late, but then again I've been somewhat removed from the blog world (I blame the 12 hour work days + the lack of a computer) as the main reason.Anyways now that we've all had a week to relax, lets get back to things.

Firstly comments about Round 1.

The biggest shocker here was Lakers taking Phoenix to Game 7. It took Phoenix a while to get over the playoff jitters, but by game 7 they settled into there Suns style of basketball. Denver was a disappointing series, some games they didn't even look like they wanted to play.

Everything else went as per game plan, and you got to give it to Arenas for putting up the fight that he did.

As for those who left there picks lets see how yall did:

- Tejdeep 8/8
  
- Jason 8/8
  
- Gurjeet 8/8
  
- Mandeep 8/8
  
- Gagan 7/8
  
- Atam 7/8
  
- Harsimran 6/8
  
- Gurdeep 6/8
  
- Nav Gill 8/8

Now on to what really matters, round 2 picks...

<div align="center">
  <strong>West </strong>
</div>

**San Antonio Vs _Dallas_**
  
Don't ask why, even though San Antonio took Game 1, I see Dallas having more heart, and wanting this more then SA. I put this series in 7.

**Clippers VS _Suns_**
  
As much as I want to see the Clippers win the championship really it is, Phoenix is just that damn good. With Thomas back and having come back to win the Lakers game the Suns are hot right now, so I see Phoenix taking this in 6 (possible even 5).

<div align="center">
  <strong>East</strong>
</div>

**NJ Nets Vs _Miami_**
  
The best series too watch for. Both teams are quick and offensively gifted, and aren't all that bad on defense neither. Carter is the man to look for, and the one who can make or break the series for the Nets. If the Carter of old comes knocking then you can expect that he'll get injured this series leaving Miami to bull doze right over the Nets with little problem, otherwise with Carter the Nets still have something to put up a fight with. All in all Miami is going to take this series in 6 or 7, and what its going to come down to with 2 healthy teams, is coaching, and that's where you got to give it to Pat Riley.

**_Detroit_ Vs Cleveland**
  
Detroit in 5. Do I really have to explain why?

As always leave your picks for this new round.