---
id: 108
title: Roots
date: 2006-03-17T12:12:00+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=108
permalink: /2006/03/roots/
categories:
  - Inspirational
  - Sikhi
  - Video
---
So the last video, in the description I wrote a little about what our community is doing good, after all we have made huge in roads in the past while, but at the same time there's some stuff that we're not doing.

Here's another video by Sartaj Singh:

<embed style="width: 400px; height: 326px;" id="VideoPlayback" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" src="http://video.google.com/googleplayer.swf?videoUrl=http%3A%2F%2Fvp.video.google.com%2Fvideodownload%3Fversion%3D0%26secureurl%3DlgAAABCDo1UUqeCv1odocaNu_nBJ3c1feob5Tvnlvtd_WcRsWPYYrIj3Qw0QdFWmd8adhbVe0VUWHfBqcR5M_RWOL5QIC3mi-Zsz5wsitpZFa52qX8JD_yIN5z0SZeJs5wzlCR685WVqklEOWXvBN5SZJ4WLNONc-nLZEeRISooO8RG2TyPjIwIUmSSd0pYDhDJRR4H_3neIqXZyfHYSmDf84Eo%26sigh%3DxqNu2r_hCseKUSQDasdoXmKyi_0%26begin%3D0%26len%3D523455%26docid%3D-3418325768977282227&thumbnailUrl=http%3A%2F%2Fvideo.google.com%2FThumbnailServer%3Fcontentid%3D4c7a4fab36e16353%26second%3D5%26itag%3Dw320%26urlcreated%3D1142615426%26sigh%3DKr0GMYUMa3tQM4AFZdAf9qlzTQc&playerId=-3418325768977282227" allowscriptaccess="sameDomain" quality="best" bgcolor="#ffffff" scale="noScale" wmode="window" salign="TL" flashvars="playerMode=embedded" align="middle">
</embed>

As can be expected the one thing our community is missing now is our Roots. The comparison of Sikhi to that of a plant has been long made and so like any plant as long as that plant has its roots, it will prosper and grow otherwise it will slowly begin to rot and decay.

In Sikhi the limbs of the Sikhs would always be cut, but they would always grow back stronger because our roots were firmly planted. In Mir-Manu's prisons a common saying had become,

> <div>
>   ???? ???? ?????; ???? ???? ?? ??? ?<br /> ????? ????? ???? ????? ; ???? ??? ???? ??? ?<br /> Mannu is our sickle, we are his grass.<br /> As Mannu cuts us, we grow back more than twice as high.
> </div>

<div>
</div>

Now in Sikhi Gurbani has always been that root, but less and less is stressed on Santhia (proper pronunciation and understanding) of Gurbani with more it seems being put on the actual performance of it.

These days it seems people are wanting to more and more jump into the high-profile type of sevaa but never firmly plant their roots. Any jeevan being raised on a foundation without the Gurbani support will sooner or later tip over.

In many Taksals, and primarily Damdami Taksal, Santhia was always the first step. Regardless if you wanted to learn Tablaa, Kirtan, Kathaa, or Khavta's step one was complete your Santhia. After that it was all on you, as to what type of Giaan and vidiya you wanted to prapat.

The entire essence of Gurbani being the root and focal point for our Jeevans sometimes seems to get lost in all of the klaraa around us, especially amongst the youth. Soooo, read and learn your bani before becoming the next great prechaarak. Instead of running to Sikhi To the Max or other Gurbani search engines we should try to find Gurbani Tukhs that we have kanth (memorized) and use and reflect on those when doing Vichaar. Understand those more fully, then go out and make an effort to learn more, memorize more and contemplate more, and then we to can claim to have our roots in tact.

Akhooo Satnaaam Sreee Vaheguroooo..