---
id: 306
title: COSSpiracy
date: 2006-10-24T00:51:57+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=306
permalink: /2006/10/cosspiracy/
categories:
  - Politics
  - Sikhi
---
COSS was started little less then 4 years ago, as the omega SSA. The SSA that watches over all the other SSA's, the SGPC if you will of the SSA world. I've always been a big proponent that history repeats itself and to make real change we need to escape from the loop as soon we as get a glimpse of a familiar path that we have already traveled. Seeing as how we now see the after effects of SGPC, I find it safe to say that to spare COSS&nbsp; a similar fate&nbsp;it should be disbanded right now and here. As much as we may feel that we need an organization such as COSS - a central body to help govern continuity and consistency amongst SSA's,&nbsp;we should look at the drawbacks visible to us from what is right in front of our eyes in the faults of the SGPC. 

Be that&nbsp;as it may, that equating COSS&nbsp;to SGPC is stretching it just a bit, and not ignoring the&nbsp;obvious differences such as the fact that COSS only seeks to utterly control and dominate individual SSA's whereas the SGPC wanted to simply control the Gurdwara's. We need to take into account that the SGPC 's quick and utter rise to power came and continues to flourish greatly due to the fact that the Gurdwara Sahibs provide a consistent income stream to its leaders. Unfortunately for COSS most the money generated by SSA's is quickly divulged on Langar Day's and making corny t-shirts, leaving little to be put into COSS's kajanaa, even at times leaving&nbsp;execs to foot the bill&nbsp;for various events on there student visa's. 

None the less the threat of COSS becoming as powerful and narcissistic as the SGPC is very real. The real threat that dominates and looms over COSS is it being brought to its knees by a third party. 

SGPC went on its knees and became the slave child of Akali Dal&nbsp;(Badal). After this happened the SGPC has become&nbsp;nothing&nbsp;less then&nbsp;a subservient puppet regime, that can not be disbanded,&nbsp;since doing&nbsp;so would make all blood spilt by those Martyrs of those various Morcha's and dharnaa's to have been in vain. For an institution such as the SGPC to disband after all the blood having been spilt would not only be a slap to their memories but also contribute to the&nbsp;ever brightening light of embarrassment&nbsp;and shame that we have seemingly become quite comfortable with. 

In terms of COSS this third party can come in various forms. Be it Jathebandhi's or even more gruesome Gurdwara committee's,&nbsp;for whom COSS would be nothing more then another venue to help&nbsp;project their own agenda on the innocent and ignorant sangtaan. Keeping COSS leashed and obedient via funding, they would expect nothing less off COSS then to toe the committee line, especially when it came time for elections. This could later deluge into a single member of this group controlling and influencing COSS to do his or her bidding and that my friends would not be pretty. 

So lend me your ears, and pay heed to this message for tomorrow. Do not let absolute power corrupt or even the chance to turn its ugly head and lick it lips at the opportunity. Do not let COSS become the prostitute whore of a pimp organization or committee. Disband it now, and forever let it exist as the hope that one day, we may all unite under a single banner, that the comrades who pray at the grave of Teja Bhasoria one day melt away. That those who support Deh Dhari Guru's go mast into the night, never to be seen again, and that those pehovay wale babe who bring you close into Sikhi only to ask you to help loosen their Kasheray themselves choke on the very naalas with which they entice.&nbsp;Save your souls by turning your backs this November (or is it December) and collectively support the real victims in all of this, the little guys, the SSA's, and&nbsp;have an all out&nbsp;boycott of COSS. 

And if you're left to ask why?? Why this post? Why the boycott? WHY??? Simple..Just BeCOSS 

<font size="2"><strong><font size="4">Or </font></strong>you could get involved, stay involved and contribute as much as you possibly can to make sure COSS works by&nbsp;participating in the upcoming COSS elections, and letting <strong>YOUR</strong> voice be heard. After all bad things happen when good people fail to act. Also for those of you offended by this post then please pay head to the advice given by none other then my boy [<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrrbKGtt5Bc"><font color="#000000">Dwayne Douglas Johnson</font></a>]. </font><font size="1">All right now that you're only ten times more offended I'll continue to annoy you by making you read what you would have hoped for would have been an apology but really it's not, its just my way of telling you to take a deep breath and get yourself a kit-kat since, since you're clearly&nbsp; in need of a break.</font>