---
id: 260
title: 1978 All Over Again
date: 2006-08-01T07:29:00+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=260
permalink: /2006/08/1978-all-over-again/
categories:
  - News
  - Sikhi
---
Last night, as was previously [reported on the net](http://www.panthic.org/news/125/ARTICLE/2664/2006-07-30.html), Ashotoush and his chelay held an event in Amritsar and the SGPC conveniently closed its eyes. Fortunately the Sikh Panth did not. Last night there was word from Singhs, that a group of 400 Singhs including Bhai Amrik Singh and Jatha, all marched on the event, sending Ashotoush's chelay running. 15 Singhs ended up being arrested in all, but then again the above isn't from any confirmed or official source, so numbers and actual happenings may very well vary.

Be that as it may, it's hard not to compare these _reported events_ to those that happened in 1978, after all you just replace the Narkdhari Gurudom of the past with the Noormehalias and fake Sadhs of the present. When first asked about the comparison I found that although the situation sounded a lot like 78, there existed in 78 a spirit that does not seem so obviously prevalent today. But then again I doubt that this spirit was just as obvious then, and may very well only be visible in hind sight.

End of the day knowing that there are still Singhs, 400 of them in fact, ready to storm on a convention of a Gurudom that exists only to mock Sikhi, then one needs to really wonder about all the negative things you always hear about Sikhi being dead in Punjab. After all maybe this was just that little spark everyone was looking for. That piece of flint to help light the flame underneath the sleeping Quam to help wake it up. Anyways, hopefully other sources can help substantiate the news as we optimistically wait for any confirmation.