---
id: 106
title: Yudh
date: 2006-03-14T09:51:00+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=106
permalink: /2006/03/yudh/
categories:
  - Gatka
  - Sikhi
  - Video
---
Sure, its still months away, but Yudh 2006 is slowly approaching.

Every year Yudh has gotten bigger and better. With an increase in attendance ever year, not only of Sangat that comes out watch and support the event but also with the number of competitors coming from outside of the GTA to compete. Last year probablly featured the most competitors from outside Toronto, with them coming from as far as California, Texas and even B.C.

Sadly enough no one from Toronto has ever won a single Yudh tourney yet, although they always do seem to come close, all years finishing second.

Refereeing and judging has always been an ongoing problem and complaint that most people have had, but being that it’s hard to find an experienced Gatka referee (actually it’s hard to find anyone who's ever refereed before), it’s understandable that theirs no easy or quick solution, rather to just try someone else next year. Often times, those with experience more often then not get their VISA's rejected, so you’re stuck with training referee's a month or two prior to the event, which again results in an amateur referee.

The idea of having multiple referee's from last year seemed to be a good one, but it didn't really work in practice. The main things that needs to be changed there are that the outside referees need to be able to make calls and fouls also, rather then just be there to resolve conflicts. Pass the conflict resolution part to the judges. Or even better like boxing or MMA, have a panel of judges who watch for and track the points and make the referee’s soul job to watch for fouls i.e. Sanjha Vaars etc. I think this would not only improve the flow but also result in fairer scoring. The problem that you get when you have only one person tracking score is that it opens the possibility of a bias towards a single opponent.

Also some sort of age/skill cap needs to be placed. I'm all for the Grassroots of Gatka, but there's nothing that takes away from the legitimacy of the tournament then having players who just don’t belong, well at least not for a year or two. This really hasn't been a problem yet, although I would debate that players from 2004, may have had more then enough skills to compete, but were just not physically ready to take the hits. And in 2005, Jujhar; do I really have to say more? (Not trying to call you out, but come on now). If anything maybe in the coming years setup separate divisions or pools, grouping people by skill levels, or having a separate thing for 8-12, 12-16, and then 18+ year olds.

The Kirpan demos was a good addition to the tourney as was the Damalla competition, but again maybe have a tourney for separate age groups, that way you don’t got everyone picking the little ones to win, because of how cute they might look.

Although Yudh still isn't as big as Gatka tourney's in India, hopefully it’s only a matter of time before you can start doing Akhara tourney's, where you get the whole Akhara vs Akhara type match's going rather then just individuals. When you can get 4, 5 Akharay of 4,5 fighters you can then add a Gatka Demo's challenge awarded to the Akhara with the best demo, but that still seems years ahead of its time.

Anyways that’s enough talking about Yudh until we get closer to the actual event so until then here's a video of Yudh #1 (2003), that happened in Scarborough.

Until then, peevho dudh jitho yudh!!