---
id: 415
title: Digest
date: 2007-08-25T13:35:10+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=415
permalink: /2007/08/digest/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Whats good people, apologies for not having posted anything in a while, just been busy enough to not really get a chance to rant or speak on the various different things going on, even though there has been a lot. So I figured best way to do it was take all those rants and opinions and put them into a digest and just keep going with things.

<span style="font-weight: bold">The media</span>
  
The media ideally is the voice of the people that it supposedly represents. Even though you could argue whether or not its society who influences the media or the media who influences society, ideally both can hold shared custody for what's happening and being expressed.

For instance this <span class="misspell">Khadr</span> case. I'm not a big of <span class="misspell">Khadr</span> of his or his family, lets face it, if they had their way Canada would have been burned to the ground by now. At the same time I'm not fan of the States and their foreign policies or Guantanamo Bay, but at same time why all the attention. I agree human rights are being violated, and <span class="misspell">Khadr's</span> a Canadian and all, but by no means is he the naive tortured soul who was at the wrong place at the wrong time. He is no child <span class="misspell">solidier</span>, so lets stop painting him out to be one. To his people, he's a martyr who represents all that is still good with Islam, and their beacon of hope that others will take up arms like he did. So if you want to praise him as your hero then let him face a martyrs sentence , and face things head on and stop painting him to be an innocent bystander who is being unjustifiably tortured at the hands of the evil anti-<span class="misspell">islamic</span> tyrant machine, in the United States. Lets not forget the fact that even after killing a US solider by means off tossing grenades, <span class="misspell">Khadr</span> is still alive, which is more then he would have been if the roles were reversed (had he been a United States soldier captured by his people).

Toronto Star columnist, <span class="articleAuthor" id="ctl00_ContentPlaceHolder_article_NavWebPart_Article_ctl00___Author1__"><a name="94617" href="http://www.thestar.com/opinion/columnists/94617" />Rosie DiManno</span> <span class="misspell" />, wrote a piece to the very same tone a few weeks back which is worth the read still, check it out [here.](http://www.thestar.com/article/247213 "here."){#xn66}

Also whats up with this Micheal Vick thing. I agree fighting dogs isn't exactly humane but neither is hunting or breading animals for their flesh. So what if he was part of an underground activity that may have involved killing or torturing dogs. 90% of society contributes to the killing and slaughtering of animals on a daily basis. Get rid of our double standards, if you're against Vick then stop eating meat and put on your PETA shirt, otherwise just shut up. No point in justifying your cruel and unusual torture as being any more ethical then his. In light of this, I'm going to order me a Micheal Vick jersey

<span class="misspell" style="font-weight: bold">UFC</span> <span style="font-weight: bold">74</span>
  
Maybe its just me, but I can't help but to look forward to <span class="misspell">Gonzaga</span> vs <span class="misspell">Corture</span>. Mostly because I just don't know what to expect from <span class="misspell">Gonzaga</span>. Being a <span class="misspell">Corture</span> fan I would love to see him show us why he's the best, but <span class="misspell">Gonzaga</span> beat <span class="misspell">Cro</span>-Cop, a man who I figured was unbeatable by any <span class="misspell">UFC</span> brass. So with his fall, and the instant rise of <span class="misspell">Gonzaga</span> I can't help feel a bit anxious to see what will happen tonight. I've heard/read strong arguments for both fighters. End of the day I'm going to have to put my faith in <span class="misspell">Corture</span> being able to let his experience work for him and have him pull it off, but if not what you going to do, <span class="misspell">Gonzaga</span> ain't no chump, or is he?

<span style="font-weight: bold">Events in the </span><span class="misspell" style="font-weight: bold">GTA</span>
  
I guess both these events are happening around town as I speak, and I'm on my way out right now to check out both, but for those not in the know:

<span class="misspell">Yudh</span> <span class="misspell">Gatka</span> Tournament. In it's 5<span class="misspell">th</span> year, promises to bring out the best and brightest <span class="misspell">Gatka</span> players across North America. Happens at <span class="misspell">Rexdale</span> <span class="misspell">Gurdwara</span> today from 12 to <span class="misspell">proabably</span> about 8 or 9, so go check it out if you're reading this thinking of something else to do.

Toronto <span class="misspell">Khalsa</span> Culture Club is hosting their 4<span class="misspell">th</span> annual <span class="misspell">indo</span>-<span class="misspell">pak</span> basketball tournament that has teams from all over North America entering to compete as the Toronto <span class="misspell">Khalsa</span> team puts its title back on the line. With their big man out, and the 5 pillars and NJ bringing there A-teams, TO definitely has its work cut out for them, but with the pickup of their 15 year old phenom they may just be able to pull it off. So make sure to drop by and check out that tournament as well its going from yesterday totomorrow (playoffs and championship), all day at Sheridan College Brampton Campus in the gym.

<span style="font-weight: bold">6 killed, after truck plows into group doing </span><span class="misspell" style="font-weight: bold">jago</span> <span style="font-weight: bold">in </span><span class="misspell" id="bad_word" style="font-weight: bold">Abbotsford</span>
  
Really sad news coming out of the West Coast. I guess we'll just wait for more news to come out on this, I'm guessing some racial motivation, but left speculating for now. Our sympathies and prayers go out to the families of those involved.

**<span class="misspell">Jagtar</span> Singh <span class="misspell">Hawara</span> <span class="misspell">Zindabad</span>**
  
This deserves more then just a mention in a digest so we'll get to that later.