---
id: 348
title: Ghetto Fantasy
date: 2007-02-01T17:55:52+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=348
permalink: /2007/02/ghetto-fantasy/
categories:
  - Brampton
  - Procrastinating Thoughts
  - Protest
  - Turner
---
Let me try and paint you a picture. The only people I can really trust are my boys. We all grew up together, we've all seen the same shit, and we're all down for one another. We got each other's backs through thick and thin. We'll roll up on whoever disrespects us, and the whole one for all and all for one thing isn't just something we say, its something we breathe, and bleed. Whoever thinks that they're bigger then us, tighter then us or whatever is just another arrogant fuck who needs to be shown his place. If they think they got number's then we'll show them who got's balls. If they think they got balls, then we'll see how large. Man, they don't even know who we really are. They don't know my cousins they don't know that we down with those next crews those next legends. Those guys from that next school they're all pussies, they don't got nobody. They all talk, and they all snitches. That next mans crew from down there, those guys are just clowns and if it ever came down to it, they ain't down for shit. Gats, bats, golf clubs whatever it takes you gotta protect yourself and your boys. You gotta take it to them before they bring it to you, you can't let them think you're soft, not even for a minute.&nbsp; I've seen and heard it all. I've seen things with my eyes that I can't even begin to explain to anyone else, not my parents, teachers not the preachers none of them will ever be able to understand a thing about the life that I'm living. Yea, I session still and ya I'm flexing that next chic. Man that dude thinks hes hard because he dealing that girl, man I could flex her in a minute, she ain't shit. Bun it yo, everyone's fucked.

The above is the ghetto fantasy that we're living in. The reality of the matter is, is that our neighborhoods are mostly all middle class. That the people at the other schools really don't care that much for us, and that we really aren't near as big or as bad as we like to believe. None the less most our high school lives we play the above roles adopt the above mind set, and we become characters to our own delusions, which are fed by our friends and older siblings every day. Stories of the older generations pass down year by year at every high school, narrating tales that rival those of Tony Montana, leading us deeper and deeper into being characters that are filled with more hate and disrespect then the last. While every generation had its own war stories, its fights, its crews, and everything else in between end of the day none of it really counts for much or matters for anything, a small minuscule piece of who we are; a time in our lives that we can usually accredit to being nothing more then adolescent stupidity. Yet with every passing year, that character we all once played becomes darker and filled with more disrespect and hate, the chances of new youth leaving it behind and being able to reflect on it and lay claim to their own acts of adolescent stupidity grows less and less. That's because somewhere down that line the character consumes them, it becomes who they want to be and they can no longer tell between what's real and whats fake. That fantasy is all they come to know and all they care to know, and that's what needs to change.

See as fun as that whole fantasy is, as glamorous as that life may seem at that time, that life is one that has no future. There are no winners only losers. A fantasy that leaves many with addictions and habits that they spend there entire lives trying to fix. Demons that become so real that fear is all they come to know. A paranoia that they just can't look past. And as redundant as it may seem we need to stop praising and glorifying it. The sessions, the bar fights, the jams the whatever the only way we can ever kill the fantasy is by killing the false sense of glory that we associate with it. This game of tag that we play where instead of tagging one another we beat each other into coma's and into hospital beds needs to not get the praise that we all tend to give it, because sooner or later we all get a chance to be "it", and in trying to deal with the pressure we cross the lines, each time trying to outdo one another that sooner or later we reach the point of no return.

Now many people may disagree with me. Saying and feeling that their own reality is different. That they're more then just characters. That maybe I was a character, or lived the way I described but I don't know the half of it. Then please prove me wrong. If we do want to live a thug life and the whole gangster life and all of that, then just stop being cowards. Lets all get together, every crew, every school whatever and lets have a revolution. Let's go to where there's a fight and help out. Darfur, Rawanda, Burma heck even India. You don't even need to leave the country, start the revolution right here. Socail causes are a dime a dozen pick one support it, create change. But lets face it we don't want to do that, we just want to be characters. We just want to be be cartoons, but if we really wanted to do something, if we were all that tough then lets start a revolution, lets get out of here, lets do something. If we're going to get shot at, beat up, or fight then at least let it mean something. Let it have some meaning. Let it stand for something. Thats all I'm trying to say.