---
id: 353
title: The Number 15
date: 2007-02-19T14:40:21+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=353
permalink: /2007/02/the-number-15/
categories:
  - Basketball
  - Video
---
Another all-star game has come and gone, and hands down this was one of the better all star weekends in a while. The skills comp was buzzing, the dunk off wasn't near as boring [thank God for the 2 minute rule], and this had to have been one of the best 3 point competitions in a long while. 

With all that said, I got to dedicate this to #15, Vince Carter. Recently [Sarpanch Gagan called me out](http://pindgagan.wordpress.com/2007/02/15/raptor-nation-will-be-heard/) regarding the last video I posted about Carter and how the fans feel about him, and again how I still think Carter is one greats. See in all likeness Carter may not receive a Hall Of Fame award of any real acclaim other then for his ability to dunk. Apart from that he may not set or win any records, titles, or even championships. All the same any and every highlight video you see of him will show him in a Raptors uniform. 

Anyone who denies Carter's talent really needs to go back and re-watch some "vintage" Raptor match ups. This guy did everything he could for us. In places like Cinci, we weren't known as the Toronto Raptors we were known as Vince's team, he literally carried this team on his back for his tenure as a Raptor. None the less his lack of heart, (I blame it on his Mom who has never seemed to let him be his own man), is what really hurt us. Then again if you look at it this guy shouldered an entire team, a struggling team, all&nbsp;on his own, sooner or later something had to give. 

So apart from the coaching staff, and upper management and their lack of direction or focus what more could a player who wants to go somewhere do? What is the point in trying, when you're surrounded by a franchise who had no vision or goal for success? The Raptor's didn't flop because Carter didn't give it his all 24/7. They flopped because there was no direction or goal, and if that's not there then why keep breaking ankles or making high light reels night in and night out? Sure you get paid to do a job, but this is a TEAM game, and by no means of the imagination was Carter ever the weakest link on the Raptors, yet to make that link just seems a bit unfair.&nbsp;Fair enough he wasn't a leader either, but then again he openly admitted he isn't the type to take lead, he isn't the type to make the decisions, it was a role that the franchise put on him that he never wanted, so why are&nbsp;we going to continually dog on him&nbsp;for that? Because he ended up being exactly what he said wasn't, a non-leader?

See unlike most I don't regret ever having Carter nor do I&nbsp;disagree with the fact that Raptors fans have a right to hate on him, he has said and done some stupid things in the past. At the same time he wasn't near as bad as everyone makes him out to be. As far as Carter's continued stupidity, I think that has as much to do with us always egging him on and not moving on ourselves. After all It's been 2 years now, we got new direction, new players and we for once have a leader to actually lead this team, so lets get over it. 

None the less here's a clip I'mma steal from [Bhagauti](http://bhagauti.blogspot.com/2007/02/one-more-time.html) :

<embed src="http://www.youtube.com/v/p4N7U7EtibM" width="425" height="350" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" wmode="transparent">
</embed>