---
id: 485
title: UFC 92 Picks
date: 2008-12-27T10:23:33+00:00
author: Shinda
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=485
permalink: /2008/12/ufc-92-picks/
categories:
  - Fight
tags:
  - 2008
  - Fighting
  - MMA
  - Picks
  - Predictions
  - UFC
---
This has been a good year in MMA, with some nice cards all over the place, but none carry the potential that tonights (UFC 92) have carried in a long while. So in traditional manor (haven't done it in a while) , its time to make the picks, but before we do that lets take another look back at the weigh ins:

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

**Minotauro** Vs Mir - I'm a huge Mir fan, have been ever since he was a champ. What's not to love about this guy, (Ultimate Fighter image aside, which I contest was just bad editing). He was and is a great fighter, and from everything I've ever read and seen from him in interviews he's also a stand up guy. That said, Nogueira is a beast, and hands down the #2 top heavyweight. For Mir to knock Minitaro of will take A LOT more then what, I think Mir has to offer. I also think Nogueirra is best suited to put Brock in his place and knock him back down to reality in there eventual matchup. So as much as I'd love to see Mir submit Minotauro, I just don't see it happening. 

**Rashad** Vs Griffen - While Griffen improves more with every fight, I still have a hard time taking him seriously as the LH Champ. His inability to finish an incredibly weak Rampage (worst rampage showing I've seen in a long while) doesn't fair well for him in beating Evans. Biggest shot against Evans is that for the most part he's been seemingly a 'legend' killer knocking out fighters on the verge of their career's. So while not being able to see either as long term champs (yet anyways), I definitely see Evan's raw knock out power and speed work for him in knocking out Forrest, and really put that chin to the test.

**Rampage** vs. Silva -I'm going to stick with Rampage on this one, even thought Vandy's responsible for serving Rampage with two of the worst knockouts in his career, Rampage has matured the most of the two fighters. I see Silva as being a fighter in decline while Rampage (last fight aside) is still at the top of his game. With a new camp and a huge chip on his shoulder, Rampage will redeem himself. Like they say third times the charm. 

With that said, I know a few of these fights I'm on the underdogs side, but it is, what it is. Share you picks and again let it be known as to who you're pulling for, if anyone.