---
id: 481
title: MVP
date: 2008-12-16T03:45:17+00:00
author: Sarpanch Sahib
layout: post
guid: http://www.shindasingh.com/blog/?p=481
permalink: /2008/12/mvp/
categories:
  - Basketball
tags:
  - Kobe
  - lebron
  - mvp
  - wade
---
LeBron James. Dwayne Wade. Kobe Bryant. Dwight Howard.

Those four names seem to dominate the MVP talk in the early stages of this years NBA season and rightfully so. The Lakers, Cavs and Magic are among the elite teams in the NBA while Wade has a mediocre team in the playoffs so it makes sense everyone is taking about them winning the 2008-2009 NBA MVP.

However, there is one player that is on nobodys mind just because he's not putting up stellar numbers like the above four. Let me give you another minute or so to think who I'm talking about.

No, it's not KG, it's not Tim Duncan and it's not Chris Paul. This player plays for the second seeded team in the Western Conference.

No, not Carmelo Anthony but Mr. Big Shot Chauncey Billups. While some of you may laugh at the suggestion, think about what he has done for that team since he's arrived. The Denver Nuggets are second, SECOND, in the Western Conference. The Nuggets are playing solid ball on both ends of the floor and they have the 4th best point differential in the league. Right behind elite three of Cavs, Lakers and Celtics.

Billups has brought stability to a team that liked to run and run and run and didn't know how to play any defence. The Nuggets still run now but their half court game is much improved as is their defence. Billups is everything this team needed and they've only lost four times since he's been on board. And if the Nuggets keep up this up, which they probably will since they are beating some of the better teams in the league, then Billups has a very strong chance to win his first regular season MVP.

This years MVP is LeBrons to lose, everyone knows that. The Cavs are an elite team that can play with both the Celtics and Lakers and he is the undoubted leader of that team and the man who makes that team go, plus he puts up some ridiculous lines on a nightly basis. It is hard to argue for a case against LBJ but if he does slip up, everyone should get their heads out of their asses and realized Billups is the real deal.

Side Note: This is a shout out to Jvala Singh from Ottawa for having one of the best one-liners I have ever read:

"BALLS OUT PEOPLE, BALLS OUT!"