---
id: 1014
title: The Rant
date: 2010-09-20T02:52:53+00:00
author: Clark Kent
layout: post
guid: http://blog.shindasingh.com/?p=1014
permalink: /2010/09/the-rant/
categories:
  - Sikhi
---
Well I’ve got to give it up to my homie Darwin. His theory of evolution and natural selection keeps coming back. Now get ready for graves to turn and Keski’s to pop because I’m about to drop a bomb. The new millennium has seen an evolution in the Punjabi caste system and it’s called the SUPERSIKH. I know the name sounds awesome and some Jatts are looking to get in on this new title but I wouldn’t get my kechera in a knot about it just yet.

Give me a second and let me take you down a well traveled road. History as it seems always ends up repeating itself, the way you can rock the same blue hippy suit and floral tie your dad wore to his wedding, or how saying “dude” and rocking extra medium shirts is cool again when 10 years ago you would have got jumped until you copped the latest baggy pair of Sean johns from the Flea Market. So let’s go back to India, around the times when Hinduism was in its earlier Vedic stage and the Brahmin priests were living the life to the point where they were straight ballinnnnn.

Homies got paid to bless a cow, bless a battle and everything in between. Did your chacha die? Only these guys could perform the ceremony in order to get his soul to the afterlife. Every single aspect of society in the South Asian continent was run by these guys. As far as a racket is concerned, the Brahmins had it so good it would make Al Capone want to shave his head and dawn 3 white lines and a ‘paki dot’. These priests only had the power because the people in charge of dispelling religion to the masses told everybody only they can read the holy books, only they are taught the correct pronunciations and the timing of the rituals to go along with their incantations and that they and they alone have the divinity in them to speak to God and actually have his ear. So basically when you are known to have the Godfather of all Godfathers (God) having your back and you’re his right-hand man, you know people will be paying you rock star status respect. They come to your house, you have meals prepared the way they want, not what you would provide for those considered equal to you. You would cater to their needs, their every want and treat them like muthaf\****n Akbar.

Anyways, as all stories go this is no different, people over threw the powers to be, sects were formed within Hinduism that slowly dissolved the power of the Brahmins; although they’re still up there in some way today. In the case of the NorthWestern Indians; our hero and Ultimate Jedi Grandmaster Sri Guru Nanak Dev Ji came through and turned the Draconian Caste system on its head and dusted it away.  Sikhism as a religion came to life and the Caste system was thought to be abolished within our lands.  Most people reading this don’t need such a basic history lesson so I’ll get on with it.

Forward to today and let me shed light on the SUPERSIKH (let’s call them SS from here on in). How do you recognize one? Simple. They’re always in their uniform which consists of a Chola with a number of chakkar in their dastaar worn all the time at every occasion and in every environment; much like the dhoti and kurta and the markings on the forehead of Brahmin priest. NO, this is not a fashion statement, but in fact makes these individuals more Holy as it raises their Avastha. Need more signs? No problem. They have a holy diet, which can only be prepared in certain holy utensils and made by only other SS. No regular Amritdarhi- Rehitvaan Sikh can make such holy food as the SS. No, the SS insist on their own caste members preparing their food, as humble as other Sikhs may be in their giving “wand ke chakho” nature. it’s simply not holy enough for these super evolved Sikhs. Let me also warn you about them. Do not ever, EVER, say WAHEGURU or write it in the manner I have just done. Doing so will bring on a scolding and lecture of how only they know how to recite Gods name. We all need to be like the SS so write Gods name in the most dyslexic way possible ‘VVVVVAAAghurooooooo’ (going nuts on the V’s and O’s makes for the correct Holy way for it to be written) and pronounce it in the manner they do it. In truth no average Gursikh can be a SS, as you must always display how different you are, how holy you are and amalgamating your pious life in a personal and humble way that only affects your own Jeevan is not the way of the SS. Sorry mates, it’s all flash and special treatment. Next time your blessed with an SS at your home make sure you have their every need catered to because the food you provide out of love and sachi Kirat is not sanctified for them. They are not your equal; rather they need to be treated as a superior. Remember they are humble with words, they will ask you not to go to the trouble and ask for no special treatment, but read between the lines. If you want to accommodate these dignitaries make sure you give them the special treatment.

Ok so I know I’m coming off as a prick and I’ll drop the sarcasm. From here on in I’ll blunt. I have no issue with people saying they’ve chosen a strict diet that they feel will help them with their spirituality. I mean I’m tolerant about Gays as well. They can do their thing as long as they leave me the fuck alone. But it becomes an issue when you start preaching this to young influential children who get caught up in the josh of Jawani and start acting like they’re following the path of super sants. Let me point out any person who maintains the rigid rehit that I’ve mentioned above could never live in the time and place our Guru Sahibs lived in, or in fact live there now. The only reason they can carry out their rehit is because they live the plush lives of the western world. In true Gareebi (poverty) you are fed what you are given and pray to the Lord for what’s been given to you and not care about who prepared it. Guru Nanak Dev Ji ate from the hands of Hindu’s and Muslims and the SS won’t eat the food their own mothers make for them. Guru Ji would even go and share food with the poor sadhus and eat with them in sangat. These sadhus don’t shower or keep ‘sucham’ but they still had one thing in common: a love for God. Even Guru Gobind Singh Ji’s family ate from the hands of Gangu Brahmin, and when Guru Sahib was trapped in the fort and the Punj Singhs asked him to escape he dawned the clothes of a Muslim peasant and stayed incognito until he reached his forces, where as the SS will snicker at Sikhs who wear a shirt and tie to work and call ‘em “house niggas.” What do I say to this? A big FUCK YOU.

The SS are as bad as the ‘Brahmins’ we had strived not to be like. We have the “holy” ones and anybody who isn’t at their level is treated like an “untouchable” where it’s blasphemous to eat the same food, or sit next to them in the langar hall and eat the food made in Langar. The SS are so high and mighty they can’t eat Langar! Why isn’t anyone shocked by this? The food which is made by the SANGAT, given bhog and is good enough for our Guru Sahib is the same food that’s not good enough for the SS! I know of cases where these chaps won’t eat from their own mothers hand because she doesn’t wear a keski; even though she’s a Gursikh and covers her head. What kind of love can you show guru sahib when the food your mother makes out of love for her child isn’t good enough for the SS?

I want to point out that if this keeps going these people will begin preaching about the monopoly they have in Sikhi. When somebody dies, one of the SS will have to come to your Akhand Paat Sahib and do the ‘seva’ with the knowledge of pronunciation and arth only they possess. Getting married? Great. Now you have to call a SS and get them to do the Laavan as their way of kirtan is the only real way of doing kirtan. You want to wake up at 3am and do your Nitnem and simran after? Don’t, may as well get these SS to do it for you, only they know how to recite gods words and Gods name and only they can teach it to those who they deem worthy. Sound familiar? It should, the Brahmins of the past were the same way.

I know what I’ve done, I’ve called a small but growing group of extremists Brahmins, and they are. I realize that I may have done the nindya of some mahan gursikhs and I’m going to hell. I can take that and I’ll retort that if the food and way of life for our Guru’s isn’t good enough for them, I’ll say fuck you and I’ll see you in hell too.

So to everyone else out there I hope I made it clear that being an SS isn’t all that. While they have their heads so far up their rear they think its cloud nine and are smelling daisies, what they do to simple Gursikhs around them is make them feel subpar Sikhs and make the moneh feel sub human. I wrote what I wrote and I stick by it. Our Guru says “If you want to play this game of love, than give your head to me; and do not heed public attention”.  The SS may do a kirtan dedicated to my demise after reading this on their holy laptops but I don’t mind. Remember, Pac said, “Only God can judge me”.